hi there this is Brett Jacobson at
friendly Chevrolet I've got to show you
our 2008 chevy cobalt since the LT
package the two-door coupe really stands
out with a great-looking set of
aftermarket color matching wheels that
stick and tires on those as well this
one has the remote access to the trunk
really nice he kind of got your hands
full and you get some stuff loaded in
the back it's really convenient pretty
decent sized trunk you can also see we
have a split seating there so you could
fold down the rear seat if you needed to
fit in a larger object and I can get you
inside here to show you around as well
the Cobalt does feature the 2.2 liter
four-cylinder engine so should get
fantastic fuel economy see we have a
full cloth interior all around there's a
bench for three passengers in the back
as well as the two buckets up front I'll
get you in here and get you the view get
you in here and get you the the LT does
have a lot of great options including
the power windows power locks and power
mirrors and the cruise control as well
see the gauge cluster is really
nice-looking uh kind of inset wrapped in
Chrome there so nice looking it is the
automatic transmission one of the things
I really like is that there's multiple
power outlets so you could charge a cell
phone a GPS mp3 player any of those
things can do that simultaneously does
have air conditioning really nice
feature and the am/fm CD players is
there in the mill look around overall
just a really nice looking clean cabin
looks like the last owner of this
vehicle took really nice care of it and
it was really well maintained
step outside here give you one last look
at the exterior also like to mention
that this one is a GM certified rig
which means we've given it a 117 point
inspection and upon completing that we
awarded it an additional 12 month 12,000
mile bumper to bumper warranty so a lot
of great peace of mind knowing you're
buying a great used vehicle coming and
seeing it friendly Chevrolet envelop
where everyone leaves this mile